README.md, before:

# c9cli

c9cli is a command-line interface tool for managing Cloud9 workspaces and Docker containers. It provides a set of commands to create, manage, and monitor development environments efficiently.

## Features

- Create and manage SystemD workspaces
- Create and manage Docker containers
- Limit RAM and CPU usage for workspaces
- Manage user accounts and passwords
- Schedule workspace deletions
- Backup workspaces to cloud storage
- Monitor port usage and container status

## Installation

Make sure you have root access before doing this installation.

```bash
sudo curl -fsSL https://hostingjaya.ninja/api/c9cli/build | sudo bash
```

## Usage

c9cli must be run as root. The general syntax is:

```bash
c9cli [command] [argument] [argument]
```

## Supported Environments

- Debian-based systems (Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04, 22.04)

## Backup

c9cli supports backing up workspaces to various cloud storage providers using Rclone.

To set up a backup, use the `c9cli backup` command and follow the prompts.

## Updating

To update c9cli to the latest version, run:

```bash
c9cli update
```

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0) License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Information

Using Docker image from [cloud9image](https://github.com/gvoze32/cloud9image)

If you have any problem in using c9cli, please open a new issue.

Commit message:

feat: Add quick create functionality for C9 workspaces with restart and fix options

README.md, after:

# c9cli

c9cli is a command-line interface tool for managing Cloud9 workspaces and Docker containers. It provides a set of commands to create, manage, and monitor development environments efficiently.

## Features

- Quick create C9 workspace in root
- Create and manage SystemD workspaces
- Create and manage Docker containers
- Limit RAM and CPU usage for workspaces
- Manage user accounts and passwords
- Schedule workspace deletions
- Backup workspaces to cloud storage
- Monitor port usage and container status

## Installation

Make sure you have root access before doing this installation.

```bash
sudo curl -fsSL https://hostingjaya.ninja/api/c9cli/build | sudo bash
```

## Usage

c9cli must be run as root. The general syntax is:

```bash
c9cli [command] [argument] [argument]
```

### Quick Create

To quickly create a C9 workspace in root:

```bash
c9cli quickcreate
```

## Supported Environments

- Debian-based systems (Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04, 22.04)

## Backup

c9cli supports backing up workspaces to various cloud storage providers using Rclone.

To set up a backup, use the `c9cli backup` command and follow the prompts.

## Updating

To update c9cli to the latest version, run:

```bash
c9cli update
```

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0) License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Information

Using Docker image from [cloud9image](https://github.com/gvoze32/cloud9image)

If you have any problem in using c9cli, please open a new issue.
